W-20897660: Forward compatibility (#298)
mulesoft/docs-mule-sdk: modules/ROOT/pages/extensions-api-deprecated.adoc

= Extensions API (Deprecated)
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: mule, sdk, extensions api, deprecated, legacy

[.notice-banner]
This page documents the legacy approach to SDK versioning using `mule-modules-parent`. For new modules, see xref:forward-compatibility.adoc[Forward Compatibility] with `mule-java-extension-parent` instead.

In traditional SDK development, the SDK version is tightly coupled to the Mule runtime engine version. When you develop with the SDK, you use the Extensions API. Whenever you annotate a field or method with SDK annotations, or implement any interface, you are using parts of this Extensions API. 

> The module you ship contains only your code—the gap between your module and the Mule runtime internals is bridged by the Extensions API implementation in the runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module you ship contains only your code. The Extensions API implementation in the runtime bridges the gap between your module and the Mule runtime internals.
```
